[Music]
I'm on a mission to road-test the best
of Britain celebrity chef cookery
courses posing as James winter a retired
schoolteacher from Edinburgh earlier i
hoodwinked st. Delia
now I'm gonna pay a surprise visit right
this is it I'm on my way into the
Bristol City ground where Norwich are
playing away today there now then deal
is gonna be watching so I have to
quietly sort of never on the way out and
it's time for me to tell her who the
real James winter is but firstly I'm
[ __ ] myself she's liable to hit me a
[ __ ] tin of mints oh no I've lost
she's not going to be happy how are you
thank you for dinner parties delights I
had the most amazing time yeah yeah the
press play and have a look now you'll
recognise me I thought your dinner
parties delayed cost I thought was
amazing in fact so inspired I feel like
Gordon Ramsay how I did you amazing I'm
the 12th man let's be having you I had a
fabulous time you taught me how to cheat
and I got away with it